docs: update tutorial according to review (#471)
canonical/pebble: docs/tutorial/getting-started.md

## Prerequisites

- A Linux machine.

> - Python3 (used to run basic HTTP servers as sample services managed by Pebble).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python 3.x (used to run basic HTTP servers as sample services managed by Pebble).
```
